Update prereqs and install in README (#98)
google/docsy: README.md

Docsy is a [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) theme for technical documentation sets, providing simple navigation, site structure, and more.

This is not an officially supported Google product. This project is actively being maintained.

## Prerequisites and installation overview

The following high-level list includes the basic prerequisites for using Docsy in your site. 

<!-- TODO: Update to docsy.dev URL -->
See the 
[Docsy Getting Started Guide](https://docsydocs.netlify.com/docs/getting-started/) for a complete list of the

> prerequisites and details about the various installation options.

Author: agreed

To use the Docsy theme in your site, you must meet the following prerequisites:

- Install a recent release of the Hugo "extended" version (we recommend version 0.53 or later). If you install from the 
  [release page](https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/releases), you must ensure to download the `hugo_extended` version 
  which supports SCSS.

- Get the Docsy theme:

  - (Recommended) Start with the Docsy Example project and use Docsy as a submodule. If you clone the Docsy Example site, 
    you can modify and customize a pre-configured site, into your own Docsy themed site. 
    [Learn more...](https://github.com/google/docsy-example)
  

>   - Add docsy to your exsiting site. You can either add Docsy as a submodule, or clone the Docsy repo into your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add Docsy to your existing Hugo site repo's `themes` directory. You can either add Docsy as a Git submodule, or clone the Docsy theme into your project.
```

    See the complete list of [Docsy installation options](https://docsydocs.netlify.com/docs/getting-started/) .
  
    For example, to clone Docsy into the `theme` directory of your project, you run the following command from 
    your project's root directory:
    
    ```
    git clone --recurse-submodules --depth 1 https://github.com/google/docsy.git themes/docsy

>     ```

Reviewer: I don't think this "for example..." bit is necessary anymore given your helpful  restructuring - we haven't given an example of how to do the "recommended" thing, why are we showing them how to do the less recommended thing, especially as there's a link to docs.

Author: good point
